unarmed youtubers what's going on
alright I got a cam here this is my old
cam that came out of the 489 and it's a
hydraulic roller bill it with and
everywhere cast gear okay the problem I
had was I did not use a melon eyes deer
for this cam any MSD distributor that
you use you have to replace the gear on
it there's no way around it and this is
the gear you're gonna need
it's a distributor gear iron part number
85 61 which it's melon eyes and how you
can tell is here's my old owner here
this is my old one how you can tell is
this is a smooth smooth surface the
melon ice gear it's like a rough surface
this gear right here came on the Pro
Billet MSD hei and you cannot use this
gear with this cam I found out the hard
way this is what happens it will chew
the hell out of your cam if you look if
you could see that it's not there
it goes it will chew the crap out of it
and then your car won't start and that's
what happened here and what I had to do
was take the whole motor out clean every
single part and put a brand new cam in
there because of this $60 part and I had
no clue about the melon eyes gears
so if you have a hydraulic roller with
these new everywhere cast gears replace
your gear on the distributor this is not
the one you use this will eat your
distributor up it's happy hour off
surface the stock hei is GM HG eyes work
those are melon eyes these aren't these
are for like your cast cast gears I
don't know flat tappet camshaft or
whatever but hydraulic roller you cannot
use these just remember smooth surface
you cannot use them on the hydraulic
roller ever wear gear because it will
eat them up so if this kit if this gear
is billet then use the bronze not this
one use a bronze gear so that's that I
had to pull the whole motor out and
clean everything and replace the
camshaft and that's what happened that's
why I haven't been making videos in
about two months I had to do that so
this is what's in there now this is what
you need and it's about 65 bucks melon
eyes iron right there later